Home
Our Solutions
Events
Leaderboard
Registrations
About us
Contact
We provide perfect
IT Solutions & Technology
for any Business
Robert "Fly" Navarro
With over 30 years of experience in the fishing industry, Robert Fly has brought his expertise into a new chapter with FlyZone. Known for creating impactful sporting experiences across six continents, he is now combining his knowledge with advanced AI technology to transform the sports and entertainment industry.
FlyZone focuses on improving event management, audience engagement, and business connectivity through innovative solutions, setting the standard for how sports and entertainment should be managed, ensuring every experience is smarter, smoother, and more impactful.
Mike Callahan With years of experience in technology and business, Mike Callahan knows how to bring the right tools to the table and turn ideas into action. His expertise in building strong teams and creating winning strategies drives FlyZone’s mission to reshape the sports and entertainment industry through smart, AI-driven solutions.
But FlyZone’s story is about more than just technology—it’s about a partnership built to last. For over 45 years, Mike and Robert Fly have shared a friendship that’s the heartbeat of the company. Their collaboration isn’t just about business; it’s about trust, shared vision, and creating a legacy that stands the test of time.
We specialize in providing comprehensive IT solutions and advanced technology tailored for your Business. Join our innovative team and be a part of our mission to empower businesses for success!
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Our Aim & Philosophy
At CyberGen, our philosophy is rooted in the belief that collaboration and unity are key to achieving success. When you partner with us, we become one team, working tirelessly to ensure your success becomes our success.
Collaboration & Unity as Key Drivers of Success
Tireless Commitment to Shared Accomplishments
Partnership Creates a Unified Team
Achieve Your Goals Through Intelligent IT
Solutions with Flyzone
