Information
Wahoo Open
Championship
Rules
Resort & Marina
Gallery
Register
Tournament Rules
1. Registration: $2500 – Teams may register for the tournament online. The Entry Fee covers the boat tournament participation and up to 4 registered participants per boat. Boats can have an unlimited number of anglers. Payment may be made by checks or credit card (MasterCard, Visa & American Express accepted). A 4% service charge will be added to all credit card transactions. Please make checks payable to Fly Zone Fishing LLC.Registration fee is non-refundable within 45 days of the beginning of the event!
2. Entry Forms: All entry forms must be filled out by all participants. Tournament officials reserve the right to refuse application or entry into the tournament at their discretion with or without cause. Anglers: Each boat may register as many anglers as they choose. All anglers should be listed on the form. Please notify the committee of any angler changes prior to the start of fishing. ALL ANGLERS MUST HAVE A VALID BAHAMAS FISHING & CRUISING LICENSE!
3. Fishing Hours: Boats may leave Blue Marlin Cove Marina at 6:00 am with fishing also beginning at 6:00 am.ALL boats must be in the marina by 4:00 pm.
4. No Boundaries: There are no geographical boundaries for the tournament.
5. Eligible Species: Wahoo.
6. Fish Limit: A maximum of 5 Wahoo can be weighed in per boat each day. Each fish must weigh a minimum of 20 lbs. Fish that do not meet these requirements will not count. A combined total aggregate weight of the two fishing days will declare the winner. All fish must be weighed in fresh and edible condition. No mutilated fish or frozen fish scored.
7. Winners: This is an aggregate tournament. Tournament scoring is a points system. EACH TEAM CAN WEIGH UP TO 5 WAHOO PER DAY. The minimum tournament-eligible weight to score is 20 pounds. 1 point per pound is awarded. The five largest Wahoo per day will count as scoring fish. The highest aggregate score of the two fishing days determines winners. In the event of a tie, the boat that weighed in earliest on time on the second fishing day will be declared the winner.
8. Tackle: All fish must be caught on rod and reel. Wire lines are permitted. No electric reels permitted.
9. Tournament Channel: The tournament committee will operate on Channel 80. Channel 72 will be used as an alternate.
10. Check-In: No lines in or out of the water will be announced. All boats with fish to weigh must be visually no later than 4:00 PM, regardless of hook-ups. Boats that do not check-in by 4:00 PM will not be eligible to weigh their fish. Please allow yourself enough time to reach the check-in at Blue Marlin Cove Marina.
11. Weigh-In: The scale will open at 3:00 PM. All fish must be brought to the weigh station in the boat they were caught on. Transferring of fish to another boat will result in disqualification. All decisions of the weighmaster are final.
12. Weather: If weather conditions arise deemed unsafe for the average registered boat, by the tournament officials, the tournament may be called off for that day. No refunds will be made in the event of cancellation. Any notice of cancellation will be broadcast on channel 80. If Saturday is weathered out, the tournament will be moved to a one-day tournament on Sunday. The tournament officials do not ensure the safety of registered anglers or other occupants of their vessels. Captains, anglers, and all other members must determine the seaworthiness of their boat.
13. Protests: All protests must be made within 1 hour of the conclusion of weigh-in along with $1,000 cash or check to the tournament officials. Protests should be made based on first-hand eyewitness information. The deposit will be returned only if the protest is upheld. If the protest is denied, you forfeit the total amount of $1,000. The Tournament Committee will resolve all decisions and they are final.
14. Polygraph: By entering the tournament all captains, anglers, and occupants voluntarily consent to a polygraph examination as deemed necessary. Any refusal or untruthful answers will result in disqualification without notice. Disqualification will eliminate prize money, awards, and entrance fees.
15. Release: By signing the entry form, all captains, anglers, and occupants of their boat hereby consent that tournament officials may use without payment or restriction, any photographs, video, or interviews in which he or she may appear for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to resale, advertising, and promotional material.
16. Cheating: Cheating will be grounds for automatic disqualification from the tournament.
17. Taxes & Fees: A 10% administration fee is deducted from all optional jackpots, so the NET prize money payout on all categories is 90% of gross fees. All monies won in the tournament are subject to taxing, and you will receive a 1099 form from Fly Zone Fishing, LLC, and will be asked to execute a W-9 and wire transfer information. Please expect a 30-day or less from the date of receiving the needed paperwork to processing receipt of any cash winnings. Winners will be paid via wire transfer only; no wire fees apply.
Wahoo Tournament
Calcutta
$3000 = Overall Heaviest 10 of the Tournament 50%/30%/20% Split 
$3000 = Daily Heaviest Fish WTA Heaviest Fish of Each Day Winner Take All  
$3000 = Daily Aggregate Top 5 $1500/day for 1st & 2nd.  60%/40% split 
$3000 =Heaviest Fish Overall WTA  Heaviest Fish of the Tournament Winner Take All 
