Information
Chub Clay Classic
Chub Clay Open
Chub Clay Invitational
Rules
Register
Tournament Rules
Reservation must be made to secure slip for tournament participation. Please contact rlaing@chubcay.com to reserve your slip. Due to limited availability, each tournament boat is currently permitted to rent 1 accommodation, whether it be 1 Villa, 1 Beach Cabana or 1 Hotel Room. Once all participants are offered accommodations, we will release the remaining units on a first paid first serve basis.
1. All teams must possess a Bahamas Fishing Permit.
2. An unlimited number of teasers and lines are allowed. “J-hooks” are allowed with lures only. Off-set circle hooks are restricted from the tournament.
3. Chumming is prohibited.
4. The Tournament will begin with the call of "lines in" at 8:00AM until 3:00PM on March 10th and 11th and April 14th and 15th. No baits or teasers in the water before starting time. All boats must be inside the marina before 5:00PM each evening. Any gamefish requiring a weigh-in must available at the scales prior to 5:30PM. There are no lay days or weather days, unless determined by the Committee. Fish at your own risk.
5. There is a 60-mile boundary rule - radius from the marina.
6. Blue Marlin, White Marlin, and Sailfish are eligible for catch and release only. Tuna (Yellowfin or Blackfin only), Wahoo, and Dolphin (Mahi-Mahi) are eligible for weigh-in, with a 10 lb. minimum weight requirement.
7. A billfish hook-up must be called in to the "Committee Boat" within the first minute on VHF channel 71. The "Committee Boat" will validate your hook-up by announcement. A billfish release must be called in to the "Committee Boat" with the following information: species released and boat name. The "Committee Boat" will then verify your information by announcement and give you a release time, which must be recorded on your daily sheet.
8. Teams may weigh in one of each species per day. Scale hours are 3:00p.m. – 5:00p.m. each fishing day. The minimum weight of each species is 10 pounds. Any fish eligible for weigh-in must be brought to the scales by a team representative, preferably the actual angler.
9. All billfish must be released to qualify. A billfish is considered released when an angler brings the leader close enough to the boat for the mate or captain to grasp the leader or leader passes through tip.
Billfish trophies will be awarded for first, second and third place based on the total points achieved per the scoring below. Name of first place boat will be added to Club Perpetual Trophy.
CATCH & RELEASE POINTS:
Sailfish 100 points (including unidentified billfish and Spearfish*) White Marlin 200 points
Blue Marlin 500 points
10. The Chub Cay Club has a rich heritage for being a gentleman and lady’s tournament that is conducted and scored based on the honor system, however, in case of a protest, forms are available and must be filled out on the same day of infraction of the rules observed, plus a non-refundable $1000 protest fee. The decision of the Fishing Committee regarding the protest and the interpretation of the rules shall be final.
11. In the event of a tie in total points between two or more boats for the same award, the winner shall be the first boat to reach the score.
12. Any angler who has worked as a professional crew member, Captain, mate or commercial fisherman in the previous 3 years will not be allowed to participate as an angler. Hook and hand is permitted with one pass as soon as possible, then IGFA rules apply.
13. Participants of this tournament enter at their own risk. Officials, committee members, sponsors and ALL persons connected directly or indirectly with the operations of the Chub Cay Club Members & Guest Fishing Tournament shall be exempt from any liability for loss, damage or negligence, harm or injury suffered by any participant, entrant, sportfishing vessel, captain, crew members, vessels and equipment which may occur during this tournament.
14. By signing the entry you adhere to all tournament rules.
15. Chub Cay Resort & Marina has right to move tournament dates in case of severe weather and can refuse entry/participation to anyone for any reason at any time.
CATCH & RELEASE VERIFICATION
IDENTIFICATION MARKERS:
Each team will obtain a marker prior to the day’s fishing. This marker must be displayed during the fight and recorded. Failure to show the marker in your video proof will disqualify your catch, even if it is time-stamped.
RELEASE VERIFICATION RECORDINGS:
Each team is required to show video evidence of billfish catch and release. This recording shall be time and date stamped in accordance with the “official time” as stated by the “Committee Boat” prior to each day’s fishing. Your video proof shall include: 1) registered angler fighting the fish, 2) proper identification marker, 3) sufficient footage of the fish in order to accurately determine the species, and 4) proper release evidence . All recordings submitted must be easily viewed by the committee. It is the team’s responsibility to have these items and the video cued up for immediate viewing. Failure to do so will delay the verification process. We highly recommend you have at least two recordings on different cameras, and underwater shots are the best way to accurately identify the species.
RELEASE AFFIDAVIT:
Each billfish release is required to be noted on the day’s affidavit and submitted with your video to the committee each fishing day. Failure to turn in your affidavit will disqualify that day’s catch(es). Affidavits are supplied with your registration package. If you do not have one for each day, please see the committee for a replacement.
SUBMISSION OF RECORDINGS:
Verification recordings must be submitted to the Committee by 5PM each day of fishing. All recordings, images, sounds, etc. may become property of Chub Cay Resort & Marina Club and/or Fly Zone Fishing and may be used at any time. Recordings and/or images will be downloaded from the team’s device(s), if needed
Florida Office 2875 S Ocean Blvd, Ste. 200 Palm Beach, FL 33480
info@flyzone.ai
+1-877-221-0322
© 2025 Copyrights by CyberGen. All Rights Reserved.